hey how's it going Dave 2d here a video
was recently put out by a channel called
andro news that showcased the upcoming
pixel three light or whatever they're
calling the inexpensive like cheaper
pixel three that's launching in the
spring and this is a device that's
obviously focused on price it's a device
that has a plastic back and a plastic
chassis and compared to the original
pixel 3 or pixel 3 Excel these devices
have glass backs and metal chassis they
look nice they're more premium to hold
but they're more expensive a plastic
phone is cheaper and they can still be
awesome they're durable the back stone
shatter they're lighter they're less
slippery and in order to get this phone
to be as cheap as possible
Google's gonna be doing a couple other
things to the pixel 3 light it's
supposedly running a cheaper mid to your
SOC from Qualcomm so the Snapdragon 670
is gonna run with 4 gigs of RAM 32 gigs
of storage and there's no way to spin it
a Snapdragon 670 is gonna be a slower
chip than a Snapdragon 845 it's gonna
have slower processing slower LTE speeds
but it's still a fast and efficient 10
nanometer chip I think for most people
unless you're going hard to the core on
your phone and playing like mobile games
frequently you probably won't notice too
much of a difference between the
Snapdragon 845 and the 670 in the pixel
3 light now the display panels on the
pixel 3 and the pics of 3 excel are OLED
panels and these are some of the
best-looking screens that Google has
ever put on any one of their devices the
pixel 3 light is supposed to be running
an LCD panel and there's nothing
inherently wrong with LCDs we've seen
some really nice-looking LCDs out there
but they tend not to be as nice as an
OLED panel there's also a difference in
the audio setup so the original pixel 3
pixel 3xl both have stereo speakers
front-facing ones that sound pretty good
the cheaper pixel 3 light doesn't have
stereo speakers it has a mono speaker on
the bottom but it has a headphone jack
which is crazy this is a feature that
was removed from the pixel phones last
year and to see it come back in the
cheaper version of the pixel is it's
weird but it's also nice I feel like
they recognize the value of that port to
a lot of people around the world so I
like that it's there I don't know if
it's gonna come back into like future
versions of pixel phones but I'm glad
that it's making it into the cheaper
version I feel like the people that are
going to purchase that are gonna
appreciate that Jack
cameras there seems to be only one
front-facing camera on the pixel three
lights you're probably lose the
wide-angle focal length and you're
probably gonna lose portrait mode for
selfies but the rear camera is
supposedly very similar if not the same
to the original pixel three and pixel
three XL cameras and those were
excellent cameras some of the sample
photos on that video look legit and it
is a pixel device it's going to be using
Google's camera algorithm there's a very
good chance that's gonna be shooting
some really nice photos so we have a
device that has a great camera headphone
jack good software it's got a lot going
on for it but the price point is where
this thing leans very heavily on if
Google was very aggressive with the
pricing they priced out of like 400 or
450 bucks this one will fly off the
shelves everyone loved it but I don't
think they're gonna sell it for that
it's gonna be like 550 maybe even a
little bit more see they have to compete
with companies like oneplus there it's
gonna be so hard for this phone to be
picked up on mass if it's not priced
really well and because it's Google I
don't think it will so what do you guys
think like if this thing was priced at
let's say five fifty four gigs of ram 32
gigs with storage and it's 550 bucks for
everything that was discussed in this
video would you buy it like at what
point does it become too expensive for
you like I'm super curious to see what
that price point is because it sounds
great on paper but because it's Google
and because they don't price stuff super
aggressively I'm so curious to see how
this will pan out for them okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time